you sure this guy's all right here two
guys you check them out hey Yuri is
right here Phil Nico Nico Phil so you're
the guy who got jumped for a couple of
million yeah you're gonna pop me for it
haha
no I've heard good things some odd
friends but you know what are you gonna
do you're right
I've been keeping bad company oh you
mean this guy he's okay well he pays up
and he ain't gone state shit very funny
huh huh
listen we got a lot of missing money and
we got a problem with these fucking
bikers and I've got the problem finding
someone yeah I nearly got something on
that so we sent some of our boys after
the money maybe you can deal with the
bikers calm them down they're causing
trouble on the corner of Volk site and
exit sure otherwise you and Raymond here
got a serious problem the boss has got
to get paid even when people forget to
tell him about things they're working on
I don't bust my balls what's the point
of talking about things unless you
become real I'm sure yeah I'm sure
you're sure Phil you of all people now
what the hell is that mean not that I
mean come on you're yeah yeah yeah easy
you
you took something that belonged to my
employers shit that's the cocksucker the
Johnny ripped off for the diamond blue
hey why don't we see if he can keep up
with some real American bikers hey let's
do that
here we go again
a song never
and your friends body is gonna be spared
from here to northward
I got rid of those bikers for you Johnny
wasn't there though Buick Aryan don't
worry buddy
you